still in the interior of the continent to investigate the climate changes the
study of the Antarctic and climate research center of the
federal university of rio grande do sul
integrated the fourth year that the international referee scientists from 64 countries
worked for two years until March 2009 to learn more about the
polar regions glaciologist jefferson simões she walked the important
brazilian initiative the desert of crystal expedition
of these five are formed by snow and ice
all the works provided for a series of physical-chemical analyzes and from there
of these analyzes
I can not tell the environmental history of planet earth through thousands of
millions of years at the moment is what we are going to merit knowing that he
carry with you
the whole history of philosophy
for example
volcanic eruptions of great emotions
n
anxious in the project processes of great desertification on planet earth
it's more important
after the air bubbles that have been retained in which they are
history of atmosphere chemistry last year
the breasts reveal for example
carbon dioxide in the atmosphere in a given period
as it is one of the gases that intensify the greenhouse effect
it helps raise the temperature on earth
more than 10,000 scientists from 60 countries
including Brazil come to a conclusion is not fantastic how much
vasco
we are trying faster than we imagined this has influence of the
global warming the ice sheets are melting
previously it was believed that in Antarctica
only the western part of the peninsula facing South America
and that the part therefore has such that it forms two-thirds of the continent
It would be cold today, so much kartika is known.
all her parents
when practiced by the coolers of the planet
tropical regions receive five times more heat from the sun
what settlers the continent helps to balance
for this difference
the interaction between these regions chera cold rain fronts
the movement of servers like everything that happens in the Antarctic has repercussions
in Brazil the olympic national institute of space research cptec / inpe in this
station at the Brazilian base
on the day of our visit on the departure in tries of up to 107 kilometers by
hour here are collected pressure temperature states with humility
radiation salary
in addition to being available on the inter site are sent to services
world weather the researcher the offer if you want to see with
caution the temperature oscillations
specifically in the case of the region of each Brazilian coffee station and up to
north of the Antarctic peninsula
In the last 60 years there is a 2005 warming
which is one of the largest on the planet outside you talk the presents is mine
only brazilian team
we verified a company even with the distance in 2007 year
the other injured in the last 20 years coming close to the prices of less than 31
degrees
I really trust him
the sides condemned the two sides that fuel the station so we had
lack of water in summer
after all, it was not admissible that it was not very complicated in this session
starting from the front
ninety days
the ice bridge fall holding continent the wilkins platform
a major conflict eight times the size of the city of são paulo was a
warnings about the effects of global warming on the continent
if all ice in Antarctica melts, the level of
oceans would rise 60 meters
the glacier larsen of the south peninsula lake also singer saying a lot
animation
in 16 years the third was of an area of ​​37 times the size of the city of são
Paulo
the region also recorded an increase in the intensity frequency of the cyclones
which may indicate that the new surveys show that the
curiosity to wal-mart we are without burns in amazon the chains of
wind in certain circumstances lead to emissions of
region
succeed
in which you have as a result the contamination has not yet
contamination of the Luanda region's judgment
it was that part of the world
in another place the document and research the solar radiation in the highest layer was
from a cell
by means of the radio waves, news coming out of here fuels the discussions
on global warming we are now in a period that we call
minimum of school activity
and properties
Magnetic fields of salt are indicating that it was decaying upwards
stage of activity is going to be
and this occurred basically in 1816 when the small age of the ice is caught in
transmission is frozen
and there are some fans some theoretical issue
a society yes with him also a possible arrival of a new one in the region
I need to investigate further.
but greece and suffer the increase of the global temperature there are other
factors at play with the temperature of the oceans
a block
more than 2,500 scientists from one
in these surveys
in the following the penalty of kings is how to punish someone expanding the coverage in
time after all or nothing the global actress
on your return
second castro
brazilwiki
no matter what happens
you will see in the region another number as was the life in the Brazilian station
the arigon general ship meeting with another pioneer in Antarctic research
bas at age 72 died at that time the basin of fields still facing the cold
extreme in search of scientific knowledge do not miss